added TALK_CONCURRENCY to adv config (#2151)
coralproject/talk: docs/source/02-02-advanced-configuration.md

Configure the duration for which comment counts are cached for, parsed by
[ms](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ms). (Default `1hr`)

## TALK_CONCURRENCY

> This environment variable allows multiple worker processes to be spawned to handle traffic. Defaults to 1 if not set. 

Reviewer: To stay standard with the remaining documentation:

```suggestion
This environment variable allows multiple worker processes to be spawned to handle traffic. (Default `1`) 
```
